hey brothers welcome back long time no
see so youtube's been around for 15
years now and over the time we've seen
creators come and go it's like the cycle
of youtube eventually most everyone
falls off unless you're shane dawson
that cockroach never dies is that
offensive but there are some youtubers
out there who will do anything they can
to prevent this decline and today we are
taking a look at a girl who faked a
mental breakdown to save her career look
at glitter forever 17's new thumbnail
[Music]
you never were a good
and you'll never be a good lover
i made all my friends hate me but you
know what [__] you should be my friend
[Music]
before we begin today's video is
sponsored by expressvpn if you don't
know what a vpn is it's basically like a
private server that all your internet
data goes through so that your online
information is kept safe and private if
you don't currently have a vpn your
internet provider can see everything you
do online that's how companies make
millions selling your data you're also
at a huge risk for being hacked anytime
you connect to a public wi-fi at a hotel
or at a restaurant there's a big risk
that someone can gain access to your
personal info like account passwords or
bank info the internet's terrifying but
expressvpn can help prevent all of this
by encrypting and securing your online
data i also use my vpn to get different
shows on streaming sites a little known
secret is that netflix and other
streaming sites have different shows for
each country and a vpn lets you bypass
it for example canadian netflix has
rupaul's drag race but i still get to
watch it because i got a vpn
find out how you can get three months
free of expressvpn at expressvpn.com
priming or you can click the link in the
description thank you expressvpn i love
you
this is glitterforever17 aka breland
she's a youtuber who started her channel
back in 2011. in the beginning she
posted a variety of things such as
makeup tutorials diys product reviews
fashion hauls she was a very versatile
person be sure to click thumbs up
like which is the same thing and
favorite this video if you liked it i
actually ended up really liking these
old videos breeland has a very charming
quirky personality going on she's got
the southern accent she's kind of
awkward she calls the audience glitter
critters hey glitter critters it's
breeland here i don't know why but i
just really liked it in these videos
maybe it's the middle age mom and me
that just loves watching people make
stuff and cooking shows just thinking
about it gets me why even though i liked
her videos her start on youtube was
pretty slow she pumped up videos for
nearly three years with very little
growth but in 2014 things changed for
breeland at this time diy videos became
a huge trend on youtube and suddenly
there were dozens of channels popping up
that gained millions of followers for
making bowls out of sand wow i like how
that turned out that's super
that's super cool or cooking black
grilled cheese mmm
delicious just for the record this is
not the cooking videos i like this is
nasty now this diy trend was a perfect
storm for breeland because she had
already been doing diy videos for three
years prior so she had a jump start to
the trend since she had the head start
her videos were of higher quality she
had better editing she had sets and
costumes and skits i'm the eos co-wayne
her videos were just one of the best
being made in the genre and because of
that her channel skyrocketed her videos
started gaining millions of views the
subscribers flooded in in what seems
like overnight glitter forever 17 rose
to become a youtube titan and the future
was looking bright for breland but
eventually her videos began to take a
weird turn
now in the beginning breeland's videos
were normal and helpful like i said i
liked them she made this cute little
donut hat thing look at that that's nice
that's adorable don't you agree
yep girl what
her videos served a purpose and they
were actually showing you how to make
something you might actually want to
make along with being entertaining but
as time went on her channel began to
shift when brielin initially blew up her
channel slowly switched over to be
geared for a younger audience her videos
became less elaborate and she changed
into this robotic like kids show voice
starting with my vibrant hot pink lips
i'm erasing every last bit of this
magical color it's honestly kind of
creepy yellow demon but this switch made
sense though because kids were the ones
watching diy videos and you should make
your videos geared to whoever's watching
them but as her videos became more
kid-like oddly enough the themes of her
videos were becoming more adult one
example of this is breeland had gained
this weird obsession with period and
pregnancy videos time to rip the baby
from the mother's womb luckily there's
no umbilical cords after performing a
c-section because this barbie is lacking
a 10-centimeter dilated vagina it's time
to rip the fetus in half sorry but the
entire baby won't fit inside the mommy's
tummy so i just plopped the other half
back inside of her look it's twins
another strange thing is that her videos
always start with the skit as the intro
and some of these also became weird in
this skit i found a tomato is being
decapitated darling that tomato looks
like a nice juicy one will you pick it
for me
[Music]
ma'am are you okay and in one of the
strangest videos i came across she has a
collab with shane dawson the cockroach
that never dies i'm joking don't attack
me in the comments it's a joke i love
k-pop in this collab video she goes to
his house murders him and then uses his
body parts to make a diy eos lip balm
now the last ingredient is very crucial
because this is gonna act as our flavor
and color i'm just using a cheap bic
razor and slicing
shane's nipple off he seems a little
excited about this oh he's taking a nap
so
precious ooh it looks as though i've
harvested a juicy one am i in a fever
dream right now but it was really weird
because her videos got very strange and
dark and there was no clear reason as to
why i'm not sure if she ran out of ideas
or was bored and was like you know let's
decapitate a tomato person that sounds
fun
right but once again her audience was
mostly kids and she was sprinkling in
these dark themes within normal kids
videos in the shane dawson collab video
there were kids in the comments that
actually thought he had died so it was
very discomforting to see that breeland
was making these videos on top of that
it just seemed out of character for
breland people knew her as this sweet
awkward southern girl yeehaw not the
psychotic murderer but these odd videos
are just the precursor for the even
stranger changes that are going to
happen with freeland
breeland continued being very successful
on youtube for quite a long time even
though her videos were strange they
still got views she went on for years to
stay at the top of her game but this all
changes when out of the blue in 2017
freeland uploads a video titled we broke
up we broke up the engagement is off in
the video breelan talks about how she
called off her engagement with her
boyfriend of 10 years who proposed
earlier that year we didn't see much of
her boyfriend on the channel ever but
the video was kind of sad because she
talked about how she fell out of love
and she tried to fix her relationship
and she came to the conclusion that she
couldn't but at the same time breeland
you're using your relationship reviews
the thumbnail was completely
photoshopped you didn't even cry in the
video so i don't even care about your
breakup i'm sorry that's a bit mean
actually no it's not if i see another we
broke up video i'm gonna lose my mind i
saw one girl who was paying for her we
broke up video to be advertised on
youtube you guys are all sociopaths this
breakup video was the first time in a
long time that breeland was out of the
hey glitter craters character that she
made so it seemed very raw and real and
her audience was very supportive of her
but after this video came out everything
seemed to change with breeland it was
like a switch had gone off instantly
after the breakup video breeland started
dating a russian guy named slava it was
very strange because she had just came
out of this 10-year relationship and
literally instantly was seeing this new
guy from across the globe who was super
young but the even stranger part of it
was that slava was also a youtuber who
had a small channel and if you went to
his channel at the time he was
apparently an openly gay flamboyant guy
yes my hair looks horrible i look good
but also i don't i don't i don't feel
like doing anything for it you know what
i mean when he started dating breeland
he deleted all of his videos and he was
now apparently a straight guy and i
think he was trying to overcompensate
with how straight he was because when he
started dating breeland i actually found
out he was tweeting out some anti-lgbt
stuff and i don't mean to stereotype or
whatnot but the boy acts pretty gay
so this beautiful two-piece makes me
feel like a little innocent girl
it also has a deep cleavage so i'm a bad
girl at the same time he could just be a
flamboyant straight guy i know but those
eyebrows are manicured i see you slava
then just two months after the breakup
video was uploaded slava and breland get
married the wedding happens they had a
whole video made of them getting married
in africa the relationship was just very
shady in the wedding video they actually
mentioned needing a us visa for slava
since he was russian and that was one of
the reasons for the wedding to me it
really looks like slava pretended to be
straight and he used breeland to get a
us visa and maybe he's trying to get
some fame out of it now after the
wedding video breeland's channel had a
weird identity crisis for some reason
she stopped making the diy videos and
she started posting a bunch of videos
that didn't really fit in with her
channel hey glitter critters it's
breeland here and today i am going to be
showing you how to get a super flat
stomach really fast the videos were
lower quality and they just didn't fit
in with her young audience like they
were more for teens or adults she also
started posting a lot of couple videos
with sava but breeland's fans weren't
having it like her fans wanted galaxy
slime not cooties oh gross because of
this weird channel change her views
started dropping very fast and she
started actually receiving a lot of hate
for it for some reason a lot of her fans
were blaming slava for the bad videos i
guess because like in a kid's mind they
saw hey the second this guy joined the
picture her videos got bad so this guy
must be the cause and it got so bad that
breeland actually had disabled likes and
comments on any video featuring him
freelance channel was having a crisis
and her fans were concerned for her it
seemed like within a couple months ever
since that breakup she completely
changed who she was it was like the
breakup triggered some kind of crisis
with breland i don't know she just
appeared kinda lost and off track but
sadly this is just the start of
breeland's breakdown
breeland's channel was declining fast
and eventually it got to a point where
breeland snaps outside of youtube brelin
would always stream on a website called
younow it's basically twitch minus the
games hey glitter critters it's breeland
here
she had done these streams for a good
amount of time and they were very normal
but when breland's channel started its
decline her live streams became
concerning i'm about to go get me some
ice and i'm about to sit down with my
man and play with his cd cucumber
tonight
i'm gonna
make that [__]
squirm
she started drinking in every stream and
always ended up being very intoxicated
once drunk she began fighting with the
viewers [__] you you don't give a [__]
about me your puppy stinks that's why
you're so [__] mad
stupid ass [__]
sharpsy you're just jealous because
you're probably really ugly
that sucks to be hungry she would beg
people for money non-stop keep those
[__] bars coming you hear me
y'all like i'm seriously dying here
without bars like none of you broke
asses got some bars do any of you
[__] have like 5 000 bars or a free
spin
meanwhile people watching this would be
commenting asking if she was okay and
she would reply with the way for all you
concerned about me
sit on this and you know twist
go get laid or something
take this as your disgrace and shove it
up your fingers how about that like sit
on this and spin you stupid little
how about that these streams went on for
a while and they started getting a ton
of viewers anytime she went live she
would become the top streamer of younow
it was one of those things where you
didn't like what you saw but at the same
time you didn't want to look away it was
a train wreck that everyone was watching
live most of the streams are just
nonsense but one thing i did pick up on
is in the streams she kept saying that
the old brilliant is dead i miss the
breeland
she says the old breeland
i'm always [__]
which it seemed like to me she was
trying to reject that kid's character
that she built her persona to be it's
like she became trapped in that
family-friendly hey glitter critters
character and she couldn't move out of
it i kind of saw it as like when a
disney channel star leaves disney they
do a bunch of crazy stuff to get rid of
the connection people have with them and
being family friendly these younow
streams go on for hours and hours you
can find a lot of them uploaded on
youtube it's a very deep rabbit hole
now simultaneously when these drunk
streams began on her youtube channel
things were getting just as bad
freelance started posting a lot of very
adult themed controversial videos the
most infamous video was a pregnancy
announcement where slava and breeland
discuss how they're gonna get rid of
their new baby
so i'm pregnant
what
yeah except mine yes it is get rid of it
just
so do you want to kill it yes we will
kill it yeah because nobody needs
worthless women on this planet anymore
they also had a video where slava was
pretending to be drugged or disabled
he is my boyfriend we actually have a
lot of secrets to share with you right
honey
we're just so excited to finally be
together now and that's the reason why
we wanted to make this video can i get a
kiss
oh
it was all really gross and shocking and
remember this was being shown to an
audience made up of kids they're talking
about getting rid of a baby to a bunch
of seven-year-olds overnight breeland
had snapped and turned into this nasty
vile person eventually more people saw
what was happening and it all became a
big story dozens of videos started
coming out on breeland that gained
millions of views
so i don't understand what's going on
with
glitter forever 17 or with breeland but
i know this was a random video i just
had to put that out there that
from
a past subscriber
i used to follow her and now i just i i
can't i don't know what's going on with
her so
yeah
it became a big mystery where everyone
was asking is breeland okay some people
thought she was on drugs some people
thought slava was this evil russian guy
manipulating her probably true but in a
different sense
i'm sorry and other people thought
breelan had snapped after her 10-year
relationship ended but before we could
get any answers all of this craziness
comes to a stop when breeland without
notice vanishes from all social media
[Music]
well hello everyone
it's breeland here
i am back i know it's been a long time
since i've uploaded a video
and i have a reason why
after everything that happened breeland
returns to youtube and oddly seemed
normal she uploaded a video explaining
why she had vanished but for some reason
she didn't bring up anything that
happened really
she says her reasoning for leaving was
simply that she was depressed that her
channel wasn't doing well let's just say
the color of my lipstick is
kind of how i feel inside right now now
obviously there's more to it than that
you and slava said you were giving birth
to god
i know who's quit denying it that is
whose kid it's probably god we're going
to need some explaining around here for
a while breylin returned to making
youtube videos like nothing had happened
but she couldn't escape the drama
literally millions of people had seen
her break down and in every new video
she made all of her comments were filled
with people asking what happened she
wasn't going to be able to continue her
channel normally until she explained
everything so after four months of
silence breeland finally makes another
video that actually addresses it all i
definitely owe y'all an explanation this
is something i've been wanting to
address and explain myself a little bit
because i haven't really had the chance
to explain myself so according to
breland in the video when her channel
took off in 2014 and she became the
youtube powerhouse she had a ton of
money flowing in she suddenly had more
money than she's ever had in her entire
life and she spent it she bought a very
expensive lakeside house she began
taking care of her family she was living
a very lavish life which was fine
because she had the money to do it but
as the years went by the diy trend died
down and so did her views and she was no
longer making enough money to keep up
with that lifestyle that she lived now
she tried everything to fix her channel
she made the crazy videos she tried to
change the genre but nothing seemed to
work i had uploaded a video and
i only got like maybe
15 000 views on the video
and i just flipped out i was like no way
this can't be happening why is this
happening to me i've worked so hard on
youtube
why is my youtube failing like this she
says it got to a point where she started
struggling so much that she couldn't
even afford her house payments anymore
brielynn didn't know what to do she was
losing everything she had worked for in
the past seven years so she came up with
a brilliant plan i decided that i was
gonna devise a plan
to
get that money that i needed to pay my
bills and to pay my mortgage and i was
gonna do whatever it took to take care
of me and my family she says she was
going to do a bunch of crazy
controversial stuff to hopefully create
enough buzz to bring in the views and
revive her channel she called this plan
quote unquote pulling a trisha paytas
i woke up this morning feeling like a
chicken nugget so
all of the younow streams all of the
bizarre videos and all of the
controversies that took place were all
just an attempt for breelan to save her
career she was never having a breakdown
she was never in harm's way it was all
just an act to get attention and money
she had misled everyone and to be fair
her plan did work oh my gosh look at the
money i made on that live stream i made
like 250 dollars breelan said she made
around ten thousand dollars just from
the you know streams and because of that
she was able to pay her bills for months
the only problem with this plan was at
the same time she was making the money
she was also destroying her reputation
in the community
[Music]
at that point i was disgusted disgusted
after this video came out all the
attention that was around breland had
vanished instantly the mystery was over
there was never anything wrong with
glitter forever 17. she was just a
desperate girl who lied to everyone at
the end of the day she got her 10k but
she ruined her chance at ever being
respected after all of this she was left
with a community that hated her and a
dead channel
the main reason this story upsets me is
because breeland was a role model to kit
she had built this massive following of
children who looked up to her as an idol
but when things got tough she threw away
all of her responsibility to her
audience so she could get some money and
attention instead of protecting her
young viewers breelan exposed them to
things they should not have been exposed
to which i think is unexcusable part of
me feels a bit sorry for breland because
i know for someone to throw away all of
their pride and dignity like she did
they must have been truly desperate
later breeland did end up losing her
dream house and that's what happens when
you lose all your money so you know she
wasn't lying about being desperate she
was out of money but at the same time
she could have just went to mcdonald's
and got a job there was other options
you have to go crazy she has since
apologized for her actions and she
clearly is very embarrassed about what
she did i made all my friends hate me
but you know what [__] you should be my
friend she is still making videos but
she has dropped her persona and her
videos are now just her being herself
she's back to her dumb quirky awkward
humor which is what i originally liked
in her videos so i guess that's a
positive glitter forever 17 is a perfect
example of the dangers of youtube the
real reason for breelan's decline was
not that she trolled or pretended to be
insane it was that she got caught in a
trend that she couldn't escape trends
are great because they can make a
channel rise to the top but at the same
time they can destroy you in an instant
and breeland is a prime example of that
lesson the people that stick around on
youtube are the ones that can change
with the times the ones that can see a
problem adapt
and survive
the
[Music]
it cockroaches this time around
i never heard the silence
[Music]